add_file System/Library/Frameworks/StoreKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/CoreTelephony.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/AdSupport.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/MessageUI.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/EventKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/EventKitUI.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/GameKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/StoreKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/CoreTelephony.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/AdSupport.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/MessageUI.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/EventKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/EventKitUI.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/GameKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/StoreKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/CoreTelephony.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/AdSupport.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/MessageUI.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/EventKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/EventKitUI.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/GameKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/StoreKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/CoreTelephony.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/AdSupport.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/MessageUI.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/EventKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/EventKitUI.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/GameKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/StoreKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/CoreTelephony.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/AdSupport.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/MessageUI.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/EventKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/EventKitUI.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/GameKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/StoreKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/CoreTelephony.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/AdSupport.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/MessageUI.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/EventKit.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/EventKitUI.framework
add_file System/Library/Frameworks/GameKit.framework
